welcome to a special here on reckless
eating uh this really isn't a challenge
because there's no way to win this with
skill of any kind so we're gonna make
this challenge
Jeff why are we calling this - exactly
it is deviled egg Russian roulette
deviled egg Russian roulette doesn't
sound good so one of these eggs has
wasabi oil yes yeah yeah hasn't it now
he's made it cleverly disguised so you
can't see it the only rule here is that
you cannot smell the egg before you eat
it because that will give it away so
everybody's going to take one egg off of
here we're all going to do at the exact
same time and one person's getting
wasabi oil and I know it's going to be
me it's going to be me going to make
sure it's got like eight so everybody
grab an egg yeah like you should pull
some oil and all of them please nobody
smell your egg yes keep down
Oh why am I so nervous where there's
like it's just a deviled egg oh there's
an extra no that's right okay yeah yeah
yeah all right now what we're gonna do
here count up ten count we're gonna
multiply them in whoever it has the
wasabi I get suffers run in and watch
their suffering all right three three
two one
oh it's just all right one over I would
just comes out of my nose
it was malicious thing I was looking at
lawyers like Olga gets it up she gets it
Wow it's nerve-racking ah like how do
you just sign my weapon
he's violently slipping doing it girl oh
you dumb right away yeah it just went
right to my nostrils oh damn nothing not
to puke thank you for joining us for
this a real special we're going to do
more with the Roulette concept in the
future thank you for that
as always we'll see you tomorrow